README.md, before:

# RandomString

[![Hex.pm](http://img.shields.io/hexpm/v/random_string.svg)](https://hex.pm/packages/random_string)
[![Hex.pm](http://img.shields.io/hexpm/dt/random_string.svg)](https://hex.pm/packages/random_string)

An utility to generate random strings of desired character sets.

## Usage

```
iex(1)> RandomString.stream(:alphanumeric) |> Enum.take(20) |> List.to_string
"1lUcpveolhieVEi62Xqj"
iex(2)> RandomString.stream(:alphanumeric) |> Enum.take(20) |> List.to_string
"UdnzLywLcCo1ilY33JHA"
iex(3)> RandomString.stream(:numeric) |> Enum.take(20) |> List.to_string
"95053150066394237243"
iex(4)> RandomString.take(20, :alphanumeric)
"6qwaPvrBDWtBQEhlcMhc"
iex(5)> RandomString.take(20, :alphanumeric)
"nQSvf2507h1McQEiQrWF"
iex(6)> RandomString.take_without_misleading_characters(20)
"FQ9snpbQFt7cHymWcQMn"
iex(7)> RandomString.take_without_misleading_characters(20)
"7WDGwmFeemfJkghqtRww"
iex(8)> RandomString.take_without_characters(20, 'abcdefg')
"TQrGCOkLlz1Yu0LUw50i"
iex(9)> RandomString.take_without_characters(20, 'abcdefg')
"3hqW8qKXi9pJY8yxDTjU"
iex(10)> RandomString.take_without_characters(20, 'abcdefg')
"7w2q5S9G21yYsiOTGmyH"

# new in 0.2.0
iex(11)> RandomString.take(20, :printable_chars)
"yXrF?!GC*y,%tXd9rxjU"
```

- Available character classes are: `:alphabetical`, `:alphanumeric`, `:numeric`, `:lowercase`, `:uppercase`, `printable_chars`.
    - If character class is omitted (`RandomString.take/1`), it is defaulted to `:alphanumeric`.
- By default, `take_without_misleading_characters` filter out characters that has a similar look to another character: `01258ijlouvBIOSUVZ`.

## Installation

random_string is [available in Hex](https://hex.pm/packages/random_string)!

  1. Add random_string to your list of dependencies in `mix.exs`:

        def deps do
          [{:random_string, "~> 0.2.0"}]
        end

  2. Ensure random_string is started before your application:

        def application do
          [applications: [:random_string]]
        end

Commit message:

Notice of removal of array argument in RandomString.stream/1

README.md, after:

# RandomString

[![Hex.pm](http://img.shields.io/hexpm/v/random_string.svg)](https://hex.pm/packages/random_string)
[![Hex.pm](http://img.shields.io/hexpm/dt/random_string.svg)](https://hex.pm/packages/random_string)

An utility to generate random strings of desired character sets.

## Usage

```
iex(1)> RandomString.stream(:alphanumeric) |> Enum.take(20) |> List.to_string
"1lUcpveolhieVEi62Xqj"
iex(2)> RandomString.stream(:alphanumeric) |> Enum.take(20) |> List.to_string
"UdnzLywLcCo1ilY33JHA"
iex(3)> RandomString.stream(:numeric) |> Enum.take(20) |> List.to_string
"95053150066394237243"
iex(4)> RandomString.take(20, :alphanumeric)
"6qwaPvrBDWtBQEhlcMhc"
iex(5)> RandomString.take(20, :alphanumeric)
"nQSvf2507h1McQEiQrWF"
iex(6)> RandomString.take_without_misleading_characters(20)
"FQ9snpbQFt7cHymWcQMn"
iex(7)> RandomString.take_without_misleading_characters(20)
"7WDGwmFeemfJkghqtRww"
iex(8)> RandomString.take_without_characters(20, 'abcdefg')
"TQrGCOkLlz1Yu0LUw50i"
iex(9)> RandomString.take_without_characters(20, 'abcdefg')
"3hqW8qKXi9pJY8yxDTjU"
iex(10)> RandomString.take_without_characters(20, 'abcdefg')
"7w2q5S9G21yYsiOTGmyH"

# new in 0.2.0
iex(11)> RandomString.take(20, :printable_chars)
"yXrF?!GC*y,%tXd9rxjU"
```

- Available character classes are: `:alphabetical`, `:alphanumeric`, `:numeric`, `:lowercase`, `:uppercase`, `printable_chars`.
    - If character class is omitted (`RandomString.take/1`), it is defaulted to `:alphanumeric`.
- By default, `take_without_misleading_characters` filter out characters that has a similar look to another character: `01258ijlouvBIOSUVZ`.

## Update in 0.2.0: Removal of user-defined compound character sets

From 0.2.0, `RandomString.stream/1` does not accept arrays of character classes. This is due to performance tuning in basic character sets.
If any specific class is needed, please let me know by creating an issue.

## Installation

random_string is [available in Hex](https://hex.pm/packages/random_string)!

  1. Add random_string to your list of dependencies in `mix.exs`:

        def deps do
          [{:random_string, "~> 0.2.0"}]
        end

  2. Ensure random_string is started before your application:

        def application do
          [applications: [:random_string]]
        end
